# ExoQuest: A Galactic Exploration Adventure

ExoQuest is a mockup for an interactive educational game designed to immerse students in grades 6 through 9 in exoplanets, that is, all the planets that do not belong to our Solar System. The game combines storytelling, hands-on science activities, and gamification to make the complex field of astrophysics and exoplanets engaging and accessible to students of diverse backgrounds and abilities. To achieve this, the game is divided into three different modules: Information Bank: Teaches all the information necessary for students to understand the concept of exoplanets and their characteristics through the use of definitions, diagrams, and examples of real-world exoplanets. Create your own exoplanet: This is the funniest part of the game, where students create their own exoplanet taking into account the theory seen in the learning module. This is an excellent way to put into practice all the knowledge that students acquire as they progress. Teamwork: Students will have the option to join a classroom within the game to create exoplanets with their classmates depending on the instructions of the teacher, who will have access to see the whole progress of each student. As we understand that we live in a diverse world, our game must be accessible and friendly to all types of audiences. That is why the settings include some special options which adapt to their needs. With Exoquest we aim to encourage students from all over the world to feel curious and passionate about all the mysteries that the Universe hides through a fun, inclusive and collaborative space.

## Authors

We are AstroBearBytes: Alejandro León, Maria Jose Giraldo, Karla Nieto, Maria Paula Chivatá and Valentina Méndez. Our passions include programming, education, gender equity, scientific computing, and big data. Outside of competitions and academics, we're close friends who share a love for technology and learning. Our diverse skills and collaborative spirit make us a strong, united team, and we believe our mix of interests can bring a unique perspective to any challenge. We're excited to take on new adventures and make an impact—let's achieve great things together!
